Stop after parsing. (#9364)
ethereum/solidity: docs/using-the-compiler.rst

      // Optional
      "settings":
      {

>         // Optional: Stop compilation after this stage. Currently only "parsing" is valid here

Author: ```suggestion
        // Optional: Stop compilation after the given stage. Currently only "parsing" is valid here
```
